Screen updates going to wrong tab
User-Agent:       
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.6b) Gecko/20040102 Firebird/0.7+

This particular URL is for a host of truck forums. And for reference... it's
also had another bug posted by me as well (220500), so it may be something else
they're doing. However, reporting this to them gets me an answer of "it's not
our problem", so perhaps it really is a Firebird bug (it could be them again
though).

The site has just been updated (which was sometime between 2/4/04 and 2/5/04).
And while the interface has changed some it appears -- at least visually - to be
a relatively minor update.

While opening topics in multiple tabs I've noticed that since the site change 
the tab I'm viewing will jump back to the top of the page if I happen to be
scrolling -- using the mouse or the keyboard -- when another tab in the
background finishes loading. While the other tabs are loading the navigation
works fine, but if I happen to be moving the screen in the visible tab when one
of the tabs in the background finishes my current tab gets reset to the top of
the screen. This occurs even if I have the mouse on the scroll bar and I'm in
the middle of dragging (or if I have my finger planted on the down arrow key).
It appears that no form of navigation, keyboard or mouse, can over come this.

The timing has to be just right too. If I'm only reading something on the
visible tab, or if I'm just scrolling through the visible tab while the tabs in
the background are still loading, then the visible tab doesn't change. It seems
like I have to be scrolling the visible tab AND have a tab -- any tab -- in the
background finish loading at the same time for this to occur.

Reproducible: Always
Steps to Reproduce:
1.
2.
3.


Expected Results:  
That the visible tab should not be impacted by the loading of any background tabs.