request for ability to set location of bookmarks/settings file
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.6) Gecko/20040614 Firefox/0.8
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.6) Gecko/20040614 Firefox/0.8

I use firefox on multiple computers.  I would like to find the same interface
(including bookmarks and settings) on all of my systems, and if i change a
setting on any system, it applies to all other systems also.  This would be easy
to do if firefox could be told to store and use a bookmarks/settings file
located on a writable network share that all systems can access.

i guess things could get complicated if the network share became unavailable,
but this could be handled by storing a local version of bookmarks/settings and
consolidating changes when the share becomes available again.  if the file
becomes unavailable, and the user triest to make modifications to
settings/bookmarks, it may be necessary to present a warning that says "updates
to settings/bookmarks unavailable because settings file is currently
unavailable.  please ensure that network shares are mounted and configuration is
set correctly."  that message would need to be less cryptic for the standard
user to understand. 

this option would need to be set separately from all other program options
(because the all other options should be saved in the settings file), so i
suggest that it be added as "Tools -> Configuration Location."  of course there
should be a "default" option that would use the default "application data" or
".firefox" directory depending on platform.

firefox would also need to "listen" for changes to the bookmarks/settings file
made by other instances of firefox so that the interface is consistent instantly
when updates are made anywhere.

Reproducible: Always
Steps to Reproduce: