live bookmarks should only refresh when browser is active
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.7.8) Gecko/20050511 Firefox/1.0.4
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.7.8) Gecko/20050511 Firefox/1.0.4

Lots of websites that offer RSS feeds are wasting a lot of traffic now that live
bookmarks are so convenient.  Additionally, lots of users leave their web
browsers open - for e.g. - overnight.  This results in lots of wasted updates.

  There should be an option for live bookmarks, preferably on by default, that
prevents them from being updated when the browser isn't active - or perhaps a
backoff algorithm could be implemented based on activity (e.g. update less
frequently the less the system has been used).  I don't know what kind of hooks
Firefox/Mozilla does or doesn't have with the host OS - but it would be
preferable to query the host instead of just Firefox for the idle time.  In any
case, it shouldn't take very long to update live bookmarks, once there is
activity in the Firefox window the browser could check if the live bookmarks
have been updated within their normal time limit, and do so if not.

  This would result in many fetches at once, however, for users with lots of
live bookmarks.  I don't pretend to have a solution for such a thing, but
chances are they're big contributors to the problems in any case.

  I just see this as another good way for Firefox to "do the right thing" and
lead the way before it becomes standard to blindly grab RSS feeds because "oh
they're so small".

  I also don't know whether Firefox checks if the feeds have changed before
fetching the whole thing.  Whether that would be preferable would depend on the
size of the feed, and the frequency of it updating, but I expect in the majority
of cases it would be preferable [ it's already probably implemented, however.  I
should test that... :) ]

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce: