click-and-hold shouldn't be interpreted as right-click
Graduating this particular bone of contention into its very own bug to seperate
it from the click-and-hold issue brought up in bug 102330.

Background reading:
 bug 102330 comment 41 through 65
 bug 107433

The facts:
Since Netscape 4, the NS and Mozilla have used click-and-hold as a shortcut into
the context menus to allow for a quick mechanism for single-mouse users on the
Macintosh platforms. The Apple HIG, however, states that click-and-hold should
be an equivalent operation to click, except for in certain circumstances (such
as Dock tiles). Instead, Apple's recommended route to context menus is ctrl+click.

Safari, Camino, Opera and IE 5 for Mac all use the standard ctrl+click to get
context menus, and do not respond to click-and-hold. The only click-and-hold
action in these browsers is on the back/forward buttons, to get the drop-down
history (see bug 102330). Firefox supports both ctrl+click *and* click-and-hold.

The debate:
Removing click-and-hold will bring Firefox in line with the Apple HIG, but at
the cost of removing a feature that many established Mac users may be very
familiar with. 

Some (full disclosure: myself included!) feel that this change, while initially
jarring, would be worth it in order to ensure that we are complying with the
platform look-and-feel, and point out that all other Mac apps require
ctrl+click, such as iTunes (for editing an ID3 tag), and indeed, it may be more
jarring for users to discover that click-and-hold does not work as a shortcut to
the context-menu in other applications. Further, the current click-and-hold
implimentation is somewhat buggy.

Others feel that the established user base would be very upset about this
feature being removed, noting that ctrl+click is still there, and this is just a
further optimization for one-mouse-button users. Buggy implementations should be
fixed, not removed.

That's about where we are.