window in frame w/diff encoding from main frame not displayed correctly
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.10) Gecko/20050716 Firefox/1.0.6
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.10) Gecko/20050716 Firefox/1.0.6

The webserver for this site, for some reason, sends the HTML pages variously in
UTF-16 Little Endian encoding, and ISO-8859-1 (I believe this is called
Latin-1?). The main page contains three frames - a top frame, a sidebar, and a
content frame. The links in the sidebar frame open pages in the content frame,
but many of these links, when clicked, cause the content frame to be filled with
garbage, mostly Asian language characters. Which links invoke the bug and which
do not seems to vary, according to the webmaster, who I am in contact with, but
this appears to be an issue with the webserver and not with Firefox.

When a link that, when opened in the content frame, would produce garbage, is
instead opened in a new tab or new window, the page loads correctly.

THEREFORE:

I believe Firefox contains a bug, involving the character encoding used to
display HTML files within frames - namely, that it assumes that the encoding of
the main page containing the frames, in this case UTF-16 Little Endian, is the
same as that of the HTML file within the frame, which in many cases is an
erroneous assumption (i.e. when such a page is actually in ISO-8859-1).

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Open http://www.kuro-rpg.com/ in a tab.
2. On the sidebar, click various links, which will open in the content frame.
Some of these links should produce the problem. For me, these are always the
same links, and include all the links under "Misc" at the bottom of the sidebar,
among others.
Actual Results:  
The content frame contains a plain text file, encoding UTF-16 Little Endian,
full of gibberish involving various Asian language characters. By navigating in
the context menu to This Frame -> View Source, then going to the View menu and
selecting Character Encoding -> Western (ISO-8859-1), I noticed the text in the
View Source window change from the same gibberish in the frame to an orderly
HTML file, viewed in plaintext.

Expected Results:  
Instead, Firefox should have not assumed that the frame's contents were of the
same encoding as the main page, and rendered it in ISO-8859-1.

I am using the default theme. Nothing crashed, therefore there is no Talkback
crash ID. My computer is running Microsoft Windows XP, Service Pack 1.

The Firefox extensions I have installed are: DOM Inspector 1.0, FlashGot
0.5.9.6, Adblock v.5 d2 * nightly 39, ChatZilla 0.9.68a, Tabbrowser Preferences
1.2.7.1, Wayback 0.2, Wikipedia 0.6.0.7, Nuke Anything 0.2, Mozilla Archive
Format 0.6.2, Live HTTP Headers 0.10, and SETI@home User Stats 0.3.6 .