Seamless override of iexplore.exe
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.2; en-GB; rv:1.7.10) Gecko/20050717 Firefox/1.0.6
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.2; en-GB; rv:1.7.10) Gecko/20050717 Firefox/1.0.6

It is possible to cause Firefox to open whenever iexplore.exe is executed (eg at
the CreateProcess level) by creating the following registry key:

[HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Windows NT\CurrentVersion\Image File
Execution Options\iexplore.exe]
"Debugger"="C:\\Program Files\\Mozilla Firefox\\firefox.exe /dummy"

This means that Internet Explorer links will start firefox while retaining the
Internet Explorer logo, and anything which calls iexplore.exe directly will also
start Firefox. The '/dummy' argument causes firefox to ignore the iexplore.exe
which is automatically appended (this functionality is, after all, intended for
use by debuggers), yet it is still possible to open URLs by calling eg
'iexplore.exe http://www.mozilla.org', which becomes 'firefox.exe /dummy
iexplore.exe http://www.mozilla.org'. A command line option which caused firefox
to ignore the iexplore.exe and correctly process iexplore.exe command line
arguments would make for truly seamless integration.

SysInternals' Process Explorer application uses this to provide a 'Replace Task
Manager' option and I would like to see Firefox provide a similar 'Replace
Internet Explorer' option. This would be useful for users who wish to ensure
that Firefox is always used instead of Internet Explorer, usually to improve
security in corporate or hostile environments (schools, internet cafes, etc.)
but it would also be useful for home users.

There was (temporarily) an option to provide similar functionality in the
Add/Remove Programs applet, but that option appears to have vanished in my
windows 2003 server installation. I'm not sure how that functionality was
implemented, but I suspect it was through associations.



Reproducible: Always