any microsoft product crashes when clicking links with msn video open
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8b4) Gecko/20050908 Firefox/1.4
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8b4) Gecko/20050908 Firefox/1.4

Alright...I have had this problem on multiple pcs and have come to the
conclusion it is definately something with firefox (old versions as well).  If
you open up a video conversation in MSN Messenger (in my case I have a Logitech
QuickCam 4000) and have Firefox set as the default browser to handle links, any
Microsoft product will crash when you click on a internet link.  For example if
I open up Outlook with the video conversation going and click a link in an email
Outlook will crash.  Everytime!  If you click on the link in MSN Messenger the
link will crash MSN.  The video conversation just freezes and you have to reload
MSN.  I was curious to see if it was just my pc so I tried this on multiple pcs
all with the same result.  If you have IE :cringes: set as the default browser
this does not occur.  Links can be clicked with no problem in Microsoft products
with the video conversation open.  I should also note this ONLY happens with
video open.  For instance, if I click a link in Outlook or MSN with just simply
a conversation going there is no problem whatsoever. 

This has always occurred in Firefox, no matter what versions or the new beta.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Open MSN Messenger and start a video conversation with somebody.
2.With the video conversation still open have them send you a link through MSN
Messenger or go into Outlook and try clicking a link in an email.  
3.You will produce the crashing of the application where the link was clicked. 
This ONLY occurs with video open and with Microsoft products ONLY.

Actual Results:  
You will produce the crashing of the application where the link was clicked. 
This ONLY occurs with video open and with Microsoft products ONLY.


Expected Results:  
It should load the link in Mozilla Firefox with no problems.  Instead it will
only work smoothly with IE enabled as the default browsers to handle links.

Different event viewers from different applications

MSN Messenger

Hanging application msnmsgr.exe, version 7.0.816.0, hang module hungapp, version
0.0.0.0, hang address 0x00000000.

Fault bucket 207552888.

OUTLOOK

Hanging application OUTLOOK.EXE, version 11.0.6353.0, hang module hungapp,
version 0.0.0.0, hang address 0x00000000.

Fault bucket 103910118.