repeating toolbar , extensionload failure & awful bug reporting practices
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7) Gecko/20040614 Firefox/0.9
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7) Gecko/20040614 Firefox/0.9

i WILL NOT dig endlessly thru crap after crap after crap after crap filling out
this and filling out that to simply tell you that this otherwise good fireox .9
browser has a problem!

change your practices! this is the LAST time! no more!

NOW. the toolbar repeats itself, no skin, skin, doesn't matter. got  3 nav
button, google search & url address areas and can't see all of any of it,
especially the address bar which is of paramount importance. and for same reason
 you can't simply grab it and move it or right click and close it like in IE, i
know IE sucks, but not there fellahs....

then i go to download extensions. pick the ones i like. close browser. launch
browser. hangs for 49876543907 days while loading extensions that could "take a
minute" yeah right. so i uninstall the browser COMPLETELY. know how many times i
 installed & uninstalled & reinstalled, rinsed, lathered & repeated, just hoping
to get a default firefox only to fail? no less than 15!!!!

okay?

i ERASED the folder. DUG thru the registry. IT STILL LOOKS FUCKED UP! IT STILL
HANGS. thank god you guys have a safe mode for it, or it would've never loaded
so i could get my bookmarks, WHICH should be gone, but aren't if i uninstalled
it and erased the folder, which worries me where you hide the bookmarks & why.
fuck, use a folder, put the urls in it, how the fuck hard is that? don't hide it
in the reg! damn. or in %whatthefuckever%. fuck.

play ball, dammit.

Reproducible: Always
Steps to Reproduce:
i WILL NOT dig endlessly thru crap after crap after crap after crap filling out
this and filling out that to simply tell you that this otherwise good fireox .9
browser has a problem!

change your practices! this is the LAST time! no more!

NOW. the toolbar repeats itself, no skin, skin, doesn't matter. got  3 nav
button, google search & url address areas and can't see all of any of it,
especially the address bar which is of paramount importance. and for same reason
 you can't simply grab it and move it or right click and close it like in IE, i
know IE sucks, but not there fellahs....

then i go to download extensions. pick the ones i like. close browser. launch
browser. hangs for 49876543907 days while loading extensions that could "take a
minute" yeah right. so i uninstall the browser COMPLETELY. know how many times i
 installed & uninstalled & reinstalled, rinsed, lathered & repeated, just hoping
to get a default firefox only to fail? no less than 15!!!!

okay?

i ERASED the folder. DUG thru the registry. IT STILL LOOKS FUCKED UP! IT STILL
HANGS. thank god you guys have a safe mode for it, or it would've never loaded
so i could get my bookmarks, WHICH should be gone, but aren't if i uninstalled
it and erased the folder, which worries me where you hide the bookmarks & why.
fuck, use a folder, put the urls in it, how the fuck hard is that? don't hide it
in the reg! damn. or in %whatthefuckever%. fuck.

play ball, dammit.

Actual Results:  
i WILL NOT dig endlessly thru crap after crap after crap after crap filling out
this and filling out that to simply tell you that this otherwise good fireox .9
browser has a problem!

change your practices! this is the LAST time! no more!

NOW. the toolbar repeats itself, no skin, skin, doesn't matter. got  3 nav
button, google search & url address areas and can't see all of any of it,
especially the address bar which is of paramount importance. and for same reason
 you can't simply grab it and move it or right click and close it like in IE, i
know IE sucks, but not there fellahs....

then i go to download extensions. pick the ones i like. close browser. launch
browser. hangs for 49876543907 days while loading extensions that could "take a
minute" yeah right. so i uninstall the browser COMPLETELY. know how many times i
 installed & uninstalled & reinstalled, rinsed, lathered & repeated, just hoping
to get a default firefox only to fail? no less than 15!!!!

okay?

i ERASED the folder. DUG thru the registry. IT STILL LOOKS FUCKED UP! IT STILL
HANGS. thank god you guys have a safe mode for it, or it would've never loaded
so i could get my bookmarks, WHICH should be gone, but aren't if i uninstalled
it and erased the folder, which worries me where you hide the bookmarks & why.
fuck, use a folder, put the urls in it, how the fuck hard is that? don't hide it
in the reg! damn. or in %whatthefuckever%. fuck.

play ball, dammit.

Expected Results:  
i WILL NOT dig endlessly thru crap after crap after crap after crap filling out
this and filling out that to simply tell you that this otherwise good fireox .9
browser has a problem!

change your practices! this is the LAST time! no more!

NOW. the toolbar repeats itself, no skin, skin, doesn't matter. got  3 nav
button, google search & url address areas and can't see all of any of it,
especially the address bar which is of paramount importance. and for same reason
 you can't simply grab it and move it or right click and close it like in IE, i
know IE sucks, but not there fellahs....

then i go to download extensions. pick the ones i like. close browser. launch
browser. hangs for 49876543907 days while loading extensions that could "take a
minute" yeah right. so i uninstall the browser COMPLETELY. know how many times i
 installed & uninstalled & reinstalled, rinsed, lathered & repeated, just hoping
to get a default firefox only to fail? no less than 15!!!!

okay?

i ERASED the folder. DUG thru the registry. IT STILL LOOKS FUCKED UP! IT STILL
HANGS. thank god you guys have a safe mode for it, or it would've never loaded
so i could get my bookmarks, WHICH should be gone, but aren't if i uninstalled
it and erased the folder, which worries me where you hide the bookmarks & why.
fuck, use a folder, put the urls in it, how the fuck hard is that? don't hide it
in the reg! damn. or in %whatthefuckever%. fuck.

play ball, dammit.

i WILL NOT dig endlessly thru crap after crap after crap after crap filling out
this and filling out that to simply tell you that this otherwise good fireox .9
browser has a problem!

change your practices! this is the LAST time! no more!

NOW. the toolbar repeats itself, no skin, skin, doesn't matter. got  3 nav
button, google search & url address areas and can't see all of any of it,
especially the address bar which is of paramount importance. and for same reason
 you can't simply grab it and move it or right click and close it like in IE, i
know IE sucks, but not there fellahs....

then i go to download extensions. pick the ones i like. close browser. launch
browser. hangs for 49876543907 days while loading extensions that could "take a
minute" yeah right. so i uninstall the browser COMPLETELY. know how many times i
 installed & uninstalled & reinstalled, rinsed, lathered & repeated, just hoping
to get a default firefox only to fail? no less than 15!!!!

okay?

i ERASED the folder. DUG thru the registry. IT STILL LOOKS FUCKED UP! IT STILL
HANGS. thank god you guys have a safe mode for it, or it would've never loaded
so i could get my bookmarks, WHICH should be gone, but aren't if i uninstalled
it and erased the folder, which worries me where you hide the bookmarks & why.
fuck, use a folder, put the urls in it, how the fuck hard is that? don't hide it
in the reg! damn. or in %whatthefuckever%. fuck.

play ball, dammit.