One major, one minor, suggested enhancement.
1. I noticed Firefox was much slower than my existing Navigator. I was about to
go back to Navigator. I finally found why: there is a default setting
"Options/Advanced/Tabbed Browsing/Select new tabs opened from links" that is
turned OFF. Not logical. If a person clicked on a link, the person wants to see
link. But, more importantly, in Navigator it defaults to opening in the new tab
and you could start reading the news or whatever in that new tab, even as it
continued to load. What I was doing was hitting the link in Firefox, then
waiting for the new tab to completely load before clicking on the tab. Firefox
therefor seemed "slower." Once I turned this setting ON, Firefox had the same
speed as Navigator and responded to links as Navigator did. Because most users
wouldn't find this option, which is a bit cryptic, and would probably go back to
Navigator is they were like me, I strongly suggest changing the default from OFF
to ON.

2. I also noticed the default is "OFF" for "Options/Advanced/Tabbed
Browsing/Select new tabs opened from links". This is the same setting as
Navigator, and I never liked it. Say I'm in my browser and notice of an email
comes in; I go the the email and click on some URL within the email. It then
overwrites overwrites the site I was just looking at in my browser. Not logical.
If someone clicks on a link from another application, they don't logically want
to lose any site they have on their browser. It's not vital like the one above,
but because most users wouldn't find this option (which is a bit cryptic), I
would suggest changing the default to "ON" for this option.

Thanks very much for all you folks have done.