An option to open urlbar, searchbar, bookmarks, history, javascript popup link and DDE call in new tabs through left clicking
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Win 9x 4.90; en-US; rv:1.7.5) Gecko/20041107 Firefox/1.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Win 9x 4.90; en-US; rv:1.7.5) Gecko/20041107 Firefox/1.0

I am suggesting that we should implement an option in the options dialogue to
allow users to choose two modes of tabbed browsing: Traditional tabbed browsing
and Tabbed browsing.

Traditional browsing mode is basically how firefox handles tabs right now (the
default setting). It will always open urlbar, searchbar, links, bookmarks and
history in the present window and js popup link, DDE calls to open in new
windows. Users must explicitly instruct the browser to open in new tabs through
ctrl+click, middleclick or the context menu.

Tabbed browsing mode basically opens everything in background tabs by default
(through left clicking). It will open urlbar, searchbar, bookmarks, history,
javascript popup link and DDE call in new tabs in the background. However, if
the user wish to, they can still open new windows/tabs through shift+click,
ctrl+n, ctrl+t and ctrl+click.

Reproducible: Always
Steps to Reproduce:





There are three reasons why I am suggesting this change. This first one is the
present way firefox handles tabs is simply inconvenient. A lot of computers
(esp. old computers and apple computers) do not have middle buttons, so they
have to resort to ctrl+click, which requires pressing keys on the keyboard and
that is inconvenient. Middleclicking is not that comfortable either, since most
users don't use middleclicking on a regular basis (at least not in windows).

The second reason is that a lot of alternative browsers (esp. IE shells such as
Maxthon and Avant) had already implemented this option (although their options
are more fine grained and are probably too complex for novice users). From what
I read on their forums, their users are very happy about this particular option.
I have also read many users' complaints on the mozillazine forums about how they
need to scan through forums and sites just to make tabbed browsing partially
working the way they intend it to work (One can always dismiss those users as
the few vocal ones or even trolls, but maybe it's time to have a serious look at
this issue). This must have meant that I am not the only user who is complaining
about tabbed browsing.

The last reason (and the most important reason) to implement this change is that
from what I have read on the Internee, it often takes a novice user weeks to
discover the tabbed browsing function (if they ever discover it, that is. I
believe there are many people out there who are confused about all the fuss
behind tabbed browsing since they can never find it!). Even then, they would
most often discover the inconvenient way to open a tab (ie. ctrl+t, through the
menu or the context menu). This basically means that to those users, opening a
tab in firefox is no more convenient than opening a window in IE. However, if we
employ the tabbed browsing mode I have described, then no one will have troubles
discovering tabbed browsing. This is also one of those addictive features
(features the users can't live without), since it is so much more convenient
than shift+click or ctrl+click.

Lastly, you might ask: what about those users who want to open their bookmarks
in a new window, their history in the present tab and urlbar in a new tab in the
background? My answer is although I don't suggest that we implement fine grained
options in the options windows, we should always consider implementing more fine
grained controlss in the prefs just to keep the advanced users happy.

Note: This is a refile of the previous tabbed browsing bugs filed by me, since
the devs have complained that my bugs are not fine grained. So please do not
mark this as a duplicate and just delete my previous postings.