Firefox in-place update fails
For app-update instead of downloading standard .xpis Firefox is attempting to
install via xpi-wrapped native installer (smaller size, for one).

Running Firefox launches the installer, puts entry in xpicleanup.dat to get rid
of the installer.exe eventually.

Scenario I:
----------
If you leave Firefox running the installer eventually gets to a point where it
asks you to click OK to shut down Firefox. If you click the OK button to shut it
down (comes up twice, see bug 283672) then Firefox shuts down, apparently
without launching xpicleanup.exe

[On the side: the shutdown code attempts to pass the "-kill" option to shut down
turbo mode, neither of which is supported by Firefox. A new browser window opens
instead, which is a bit counter-productive if you're trying to shut it down.
Simply need to remove the turbo-killing lines from [Check Instance0] in config.ini]

At the end of the install the new Firefox is launched. It notices the entry in
xpicleanup.dat, gives a shut down/restart message, and launches xpicleanup.exe.

You should be able to restart Firefox now, it's just a bit ugly getting here.

Scenario II:
------------
As above, but instead of letting the installer kill Firefox shut it down
cleanly. xpicleanup.exe is launched to deal with the installer entry in
xpicleanup.dat, but because the installer is still running it hangs around
trying every polling interval.

During the install it finds xpicleanup.exe is in use, so another entry is made
in xpicleanup.dat to finish installing that when the install is over. I don't
think the installer launches another copy of xpicleanup.exe at the end though.

[At this point the xpi script should have returned a "999" status code to the
native installer because the xpicleanup.exe hangup means it couldn't complete,
and the native installer should have put up a message about needing to restart
to complete the install. Not seeing that in Firefox.]

At the end you launch Firefox, which gives the incomplete install message
because xpicleanup.dat exists. It launches another copy of xpicleanup.exe. The
installer goes away so that part of the cleanup can be accomplished, but
xpicleanup can't delete itself so it just hangs around never able to finish. At
this point it should have put a startup entry in the windows registry--if you
reboot everything gets straightened out, but if you keep starting Firefox you
just get the message and more copies of xpicleanup.exe all waiting for each
other to die.

Scenario II is uglier than Scenario I.