Using eval() on JavaScript returned from XMLHttpRequest call throwing error
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.8b3) Gecko/20050712 Firefox/1.0+
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.8b3) Gecko/20050712 Firefox/1.0+

Deer Park Alpha 2 on Windows 2000 is complaining about "syntax error" error in
the JavaScript console when attempting to eval() JavaScript that is returned
from the responseText property of the XMLHttpRequest object. This must be a
regression because it work flawlessly in Firefox 1.0, IE, Opera, and Safari.
The JavaScript should be absolutely correct so I don't know what Deer Park is
complaining about. The same exact problem also appears in Mozilla Suite
2005070205 on Windows 2000.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Visit http://taconitetest.thunderboltsoftware.com/ .

2. Open the JavaScript console and clear it of all errors/warnings.

3. Click the first button on the page.

4. After a second or two, a row will be added to the table, which is good.
However, look at the JavaScript console. It's complaining about a syntax error
in the JavaScript.

5. Scroll to the bottom of the page. There you'll see a window showing the
JavaScript. Inspect the JavaScript and you'll see that it is all valid JavaScript.

6. All of the test on the page work like they're supposed to (although each
one throw a syntx error in the JS console) EXCEPT the last test on the page,
the Performance Test. This one doesn't create a table like it is supposed to.

Actual Results:
Deer Park Alpha 2 complains about a syntax error in the JavaScript, even though
it is all valid JavaScript.

Expected Results:
The JavaScript should run and update the page a written without throwing any
syntax error in the JS console.

Here's what's happening under the covers. Each time a button is clicked an
XMLHttpRequest request is sent the server. The server responds by sending a
bunch of JavaScript to update the content on the page. When the XMLHttpRequest
object receives the server response, it run eval() on the responseText property
of the XMLHttpRequest object. Running eval() on the entire responseText should
simply execute the JavaScript returned by the server to update the web page.

The JavaScript sent by the server is always displayed at the bottom of the page.

Please note that this run flawlessly, without producing any errors, in Firefox
1.x, IE, Opera, and Safari, so there must be something screwy in newer build of
Gecko.

Dynamic page editing using XMLHttpRequest and JavaScript is only getting more
popular, so this functionality need to work.

Thank you!!
