UMR: nsTableBorderCollapser::GetMaxBorder()
Load sample #4 in viewer.  I also scrolled around some, did some selections. 
Built fresh today.

      UMR: Uninitialized memory read (9 times)
      This is occurring while in:
            nsTableBorderCollapser::GetMaxBorder(int,int,int,int,nsMargin)
[nsTableBorderCollapser.cpp:865]
                   for (PRInt32 colX = aStartColIndex; colX <= aEndColIndex;
colX++) {
                     nsMargin border;
                     GetBorderAt(rowX, colX, border);
            =>       aBorder.top    = PR_MAX(aBorder.top,    border.top);
                     aBorder.right  = PR_MAX(aBorder.right,  border.right);
                     aBorder.bottom = PR_MAX(aBorder.bottom, border.bottom);
                     aBorder.left   = PR_MAX(aBorder.left,   border.left);
           
nsTableFrame::GetTableBorderForRowGroup(nsTableRowGroupFrame*,nsMargin&)
[nsTableFrame.cpp:4000]
           
nsTableFrame::ResizeReflowPass1(nsIPresContext*,nsHTMLReflowMetrics&,const
nsHTMLReflowState&,unsigned int&,nsTableRowGroupFrame*,nsReflowReason,int)
[nsTableFrame.cpp:1733]
            nsTableFrame::Reflow(nsIPresContext*,nsHTMLReflowMetrics&,const
nsHTMLReflowState&,unsigned int&) [nsTableFrame.cpp:1552]
           
nsContainerFrame::ReflowChild(nsIFrame*,nsIPresContext*,nsHTMLReflowMetrics&,const
nsHTMLReflowState&,int,int,unsigned int,unsigned int&)
[nsContainerFrame.cpp:646]
            nsTableOuterFrame::Reflow(nsIPresContext*,nsHTMLReflowMetrics&,const
nsHTMLReflowState&,unsigned int&) [nsTableOuterFrame.cpp:1003]
            nsBlockReflowContext::ReflowBlock(nsIFrame*,const
nsRect&,int,int,int,nsMargin&,unsigned int&) [nsBlockReflowContext.cpp:449]
            nsBlockFrame::ReflowBlockFrame(nsBlockReflowState&,nsLineBox*,int*)
[nsBlockFrame.cpp:3538]
            nsBlockFrame::ReflowLine(nsBlockReflowState&,nsLineBox*,int*,int)
[nsBlockFrame.cpp:2851]
            nsBlockFrame::ReflowDirtyLines(nsBlockReflowState&)
[nsBlockFrame.cpp:2658]
            nsBlockFrame::Reflow(nsIPresContext*,nsHTMLReflowMetrics&,const
nsHTMLReflowState&,unsigned int&) [nsBlockFrame.cpp:1577]
            nsBlockReflowContext::ReflowBlock(nsIFrame*,const
nsRect&,int,int,int,nsMargin&,unsigned int&) [nsBlockReflowContext.cpp:449]
            nsBlockFrame::ReflowBlockFrame(nsBlockReflowState&,nsLineBox*,int*)
[nsBlockFrame.cpp:3538]
            nsBlockFrame::ReflowLine(nsBlockReflowState&,nsLineBox*,int*,int)
[nsBlockFrame.cpp:2851]
            nsBlockFrame::ReflowDirtyLines(nsBlockReflowState&)
[nsBlockFrame.cpp:2658]
            nsBlockFrame::Reflow(nsIPresContext*,nsHTMLReflowMetrics&,const
nsHTMLReflowState&,unsigned int&) [nsBlockFrame.cpp:1577]
            nsAreaFrame::Reflow(nsIPresContext*,nsHTMLReflowMetrics&,const
nsHTMLReflowState&,unsigned int&) [nsAreaFrame.cpp:272]
           
nsContainerFrame::ReflowChild(nsIFrame*,nsIPresContext*,nsHTMLReflowMetrics&,const
nsHTMLReflowState&,int,int,unsigned int,unsigned int&)
[nsContainerFrame.cpp:646]
            RootFrame::Reflow(nsIPresContext*,nsHTMLReflowMetrics&,const
nsHTMLReflowState&,unsigned int&) [nsHTMLFrame.cpp:326]
           
nsContainerFrame::ReflowChild(nsIFrame*,nsIPresContext*,nsHTMLReflowMetrics&,const
nsHTMLReflowState&,int,int,unsigned int,unsigned int&)
[nsContainerFrame.cpp:646]
            nsScrollPortFrame::Reflow(nsIPresContext*,nsHTMLReflowMetrics&,const
nsHTMLReflowState&,unsigned int&) [nsScrollPortFrame.cpp:478]
           
nsContainerFrame::ReflowChild(nsIFrame*,nsIPresContext*,nsHTMLReflowMetrics&,const
nsHTMLReflowState&,int,int,unsigned int,unsigned int&)
[nsContainerFrame.cpp:646]
           
nsGfxScrollFrameInner::ReflowFrame(nsIPresContext*,nsHTMLReflowMetrics&,const
nsHTMLReflowState&,unsigned int&,nsIFrame*,const nsSize&,const
nsSize&,int&,nsIFrame*&) [nsGfxScrollFrame.cpp:1360]
           
nsGfxScrollFrameInner::ReflowScrollArea(nsIPresContext*,nsHTMLReflowMetrics&,const
nsHTMLReflowState&,unsigned int&,nsIFrame*&) [nsGfxScrollFrame.cpp:1425]
            nsGfxScrollFrame::Reflow(nsIPresContext*,nsHTMLReflowMetrics&,const
nsHTMLReflowState&,unsigned int&) [nsGfxScrollFrame.cpp:580]
           
nsContainerFrame::ReflowChild(nsIFrame*,nsIPresContext*,nsHTMLReflowMetrics&,const
nsHTMLReflowState&,int,int,unsigned int,unsigned int&)
[nsContainerFrame.cpp:646]
            ViewportFrame::Reflow(nsIPresContext*,nsHTMLReflowMetrics&,const
nsHTMLReflowState&,unsigned int&) [nsViewportFrame.cpp:530]
           
nsHTMLReflowCommand::Dispatch(nsIPresContext*,nsHTMLReflowMetrics&,const
nsSize&,nsIRenderingContext&) [nsHTMLReflowCommand.cpp:144]
            PresShell::ProcessReflowCommands(int) [nsPresShell.cpp:2052]
            PresShell::ExitReflowLock(int) [nsPresShell.cpp:906]
      Reading 4 bytes from 0xefffb31c on the stack.
      Address 0xefffb31c is 4 bytes past start of local variable "border" in
function nsTableBorderCollapser::GetMaxBorder(int,int,int,int,nsMargin).