help! cookie manager won't work.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Win98; en-US; rv:1.7.5) Gecko/20041107 Firefox/1.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Win98; en-US; rv:1.7.5) Gecko/20041107 Firefox/1.0

my cookie manager won't work.  a few old cookies show up, but can't be erased. 
no new cookies are added.  the cookie culler extension detects no cookies.  yet,
cookies are there are being collected, because registration websites work!  how
do i fix this???

background:  my firefox had a problem due to an extension or something.  it
would not start.  nothing would fix it on my computer -- i took everything off.
 i reinstalled.  etc. etc.  finally, i went to the knowledge base, searched for
"foxfire won't start."  the article's suggestions all failed until i came to the
last desparate measure -- to download nightlies.  that got me up and running. 
just one glitch: cookie manager doesn't work, of course.  can't find anything
about this problem in the literature.  i just want to reconnect my cookie
manager.  you may be able to reproduce problem by going to this nightly site,
http://ftp.mozilla.org/pub/mozilla.org/firefox/nightly/latest-trunk/  and
downloading the windows .exe selection.  that version of firefox may reproduce
the failed cookie manager.

what should i do???

thanks so much,

dave cohen

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. download a firefox from the win32.exe link at
http://ftp.mozilla.org/pub/mozilla.org/firefox/nightly/latest-trunk/
2.  see if that produces a firefox with a non-working cookie manager
3.

Actual Results:  
apparently, it gives me a firefox without a working cookie manager. . .by the
way, IF YOU CAN TELL ME HOW TO GO INTO A FILE TO DELETE COOKIES INTERNALLY, THAT
WOULD BE A FINE FIX.  BUT SO FAR, I CAN ONLY FIND THE TXT FILE FOR COOKIES IN MY
PROFILE.  I CANNOT FIND WHERE THE  ACTUAL COOKIES ARE STORED, UNLESS THEY ARE
STORED IN THE BROWSER ITSELF SOMEHOW AND CAN ONLY BE CONTROLLED BY THE
TOOLS-OPTIONS-SECURITY-COOKIE MANAGER FUNCTION (OF COURSE, MINE DOES NOT WORK. 
THAT'S THE PROBLEM!!)  thanks!

Expected Results:  
i need to be able to delete cookies.  i also need to be able to accept cookies.
 right now, i know i can't delete and i'm not even sure i can accept!!

please help me.  at a minimum, tell me how i can delete individual cookies with
foxfire apart from my non-working cookie manager.  but if you know how to make
the manager work, that would be great!!