when playing game such as pyramids game is lost if you view a profile of anyone
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.5) Gecko/20041107 Firefox/1.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.5) Gecko/20041107 Firefox/1.0

While playing games (such as Pyramids) I double click on any name in the chat
room list. A separate window opens with brief info on that person. If I click on
profile to see detailed info this usually opens in a separate window under IE
but in Firefox the profile replaces the game and since there is no toolbar or
"tab" function available in this window I cannot get the game back. Clicking
"close" warns that it is closing 2 windows but I have no other choice so I lose
the game I was playing along with the profile. This problem renders the profiles
useless as you would have to reopen a new game window each time you want to view
a profile while playing. Try playing Pyramids and then double click on the name
of another person in that game room. Then click on "profile" in the popup. The
profile will replace your game. Try to get your game back now. You can't.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.Sign on to Yahoo games. (http://games.yahoo.com). Sign in, then go through
procedure to play a game like Pyramids.
2.while in game room double click on any name in chat room list at lower left.
3.In popup that is created click on "profile". The profile will replace your
game in the game window.
4. Now try to get your game back. You can't.

Actual Results:  
game is lost and you have to reopen a new game window and start a new game.

Expected Results:  
Either keep the "profile" in a separate window like IE does or give some method
of getting your game back after viewing profile.

The game window itself has no toolbar or tab function like a normal window when
browsing. If the game window operated like the main window with a toolbar this
would probably not happen.