layout-debug issues in Firefox
BUILD: Current trunk Firefox (before bsmedberg's command-line landing)

STEPS TO REPRODUCE:
1) Build debug Firefox with --enable-extensions=all
2) Try to run it with the -layoutdebug command-line option

EXPECTED RESULT: See layout debugger, with working menus and all.

ACTUAL RESULT: Totally horked UI.  Menus don't work.

This is pretty basic dogfood here... People are having to build SeaMonkey for
something as basic as running the layout regression tests.

I did some testing, and on first startup the menus that are present do work (the
others presumably reference overlays that don't exist in Firefox).  On second
startup I get some nice fastload errors:

###!!! ASSERTION: redundant multiplexed document?: 'docMapEntry->mString ==
nsnull', file /home/bzbarsky/mozilla/debug/mozilla/xpcom/io/nsFastLoadFile.cpp,
line 140

followed by layout being confused:

###!!! ASSERTION: initial containing block already created: 'nsnull ==
mInitialContainingBlock', file
/home/bzbarsky/mozilla/debug/mozilla/layout/base/nsCSSFrameConstructor.cpp, line
8971

followed by XUL being confused:

###!!! ASSERTION: Popup set is already defined! Only 1 allowed.: 'Not Reached',
file
/home/bzbarsky/mozilla/debug/mozilla/layout/xul/base/src/nsRootBoxFrame.cpp,
line 296
###!!! ASSERTION: node in map twice: 'Not Reached', file
/home/bzbarsky/mozilla/debug/mozilla/layout/base/nsFrameManager.cpp, line 1897
###!!! ASSERTION: unexpected second call to SetInitialChildList: 'Not Reached',
file /home/bzbarsky/mozilla/debug/mozilla/layout/generic/nsContainerFrame.cpp,
line 109
###!!! ASSERTION: redundant multiplexed document?: 'docMapEntry->mString ==
nsnull', file /home/bzbarsky/mozilla/debug/mozilla/xpcom/io/nsFastLoadFile.cpp,
line 1403
###!!! ASSERTION: Bug 119310, perhaps overlayinfo referenced a overlay that
doesn't exist: 'mPlaceHolderRequest', file
/home/bzbarsky/mozilla/debug/mozilla/content/xul/document/src/nsXULDocument.cpp,
line 2985
###!!! ASSERTION: redundant multiplexed document?: 'docMapEntry->mString ==
nsnull', file /home/bzbarsky/mozilla/debug/mozilla/xpcom/io/nsFastLoadFile.cpp,
line 1403
###!!! ASSERTION: forward references have already been resolved: 'Error', file
/home/bzbarsky/mozilla/debug/mozilla/content/xul/document/src/nsXULDocument.cpp,
line 1321

Several repeats of this last one, then all of the above from the top, with lots
of copies of:

###!!! ASSERTION: node in map twice: 'Not Reached', file
/home/bzbarsky/mozilla/debug/mozilla/layout/base/nsFrameManager.cpp, line 1897

then (from nsBoxFrame.cpp):

WARNING: Warning add child failed!!

then (because the root session history is null, I bet):

WARNING: NS_ENSURE_TRUE(webnav) failed, file
/home/bzbarsky/mozilla/debug/mozilla/docshell/base/nsDocShell.cpp, line 2652

WARNING: NS_ENSURE_TRUE(aContent) failed, file
/home/bzbarsky/mozilla/debug/mozilla/layout/base/nsFrameManager.cpp, line 372

###!!! ASSERTION: Found more undisplayed content data after removal: 'context ==
nsnull', file
/home/bzbarsky/mozilla/debug/mozilla/layout/base/nsFrameManager.cpp, line 660

This last message is repeated half a dozen times.  Then all is quiet, and the UI
is dead.

Interestingly, after this I can't get the initial "ok" state no matter what I do
(I tried deleting the XUL.mfasl file and deleting all of .mozilla/firefox, but
neither helped).