memory horkage in form code.
I don't fully understand what is going on here.  With purify, go to demo #8 and
leave and these errors and more occur.  This was from a pull on March 14, 1999.

****  Purify instrumented ./viewer.pure (pid 25562)  ****
FMR: Free memory read:
  * This is occurring while in:
        XDestroyIC     [ICWrap.c]
        gdk_ic_destroy [gdkim.c:686]
        gtk_entry_unrealize [gtkentry.c:692]
        gtk_marshal_NONE__NONE [gtkmarshal.c:363]
        gtk_signal_real_emit [gtksignal.c:1432]
        gtk_signal_emit [gtksignal.c:552]
        gtk_widget_unrealize [gtkwidget.c:1703]
        gtk_widget_unparent [gtkwidget.c:1373]
        gtk_layout_remove [gtklayout.c:697]
        gtk_marshal_NONE__POINTER [gtkmarshal.c:216]
        gtk_signal_real_emit [gtksignal.c:1432]
        gtk_signal_emit [gtksignal.c:552]
        gtk_container_remove [gtkcontainer.c:719]
        gtk_widget_shutdown [gtkwidget.c:4323]
        gtk_object_destroy [gtkobject.c:246]
        gtk_widget_destroy [gtkwidget.c:1398]
        nsWidget::Destroy() [nsWidget.cpp:106]
        nsView::~nsView() [nsView.cpp:140]
        nsView::Destroy() [nsView.cpp:245]
        nsFrame::~nsFrame() [nsFrame.cpp:176]
        nsLeafFrame::~nsLeafFrame() [nsLeafFrame.cpp:29]
        nsFormControlFrame::~nsFormControlFrame() [nsFormControlFrame.cpp:74]
        nsTextControlFrame::~nsTextControlFrame() [nsTextControlFrame.h:878]
        nsFrame::DeleteFrame(nsIPresContext&) [nsFrame.cpp:378]
        nsLineBox::DeleteLineList(nsIPresContext&,nsLineBox*)
[nsLineBox.cpp:228]
        nsBlockFrame::DeleteFrame(nsIPresContext&) [nsBlockFrame.cpp:497]
        nsAreaFrame::DeleteFrame(nsIPresContext&) [nsAreaFrame.cpp:101]
        nsFrameList::DeleteFrames(nsIPresContext&) [nsFrameList.cpp:29]
        nsContainerFrame::DeleteFrame(nsIPresContext&) [nsContainerFrame.cpp:78]
        nsLineBox::DeleteLineList(nsIPresContext&,nsLineBox*)
[nsLineBox.cpp:228]
  * Reading 4 bytes from 0x7ebef8 in the heap.
  * Address 0x7ebef8 is 8 bytes into a freed  block at 0x7ebef0 of 256 bytes.
  * This block was allocated from:
        malloc         [rtlib.o]
        _CreateIC      [XSunIMIF.c]
        XCreateIC      [ICWrap.c]
        gdk_ic_real_new [gdkim.c:551]
        gdk_ic_new     [gdkim.c:665]
        gtk_entry_realize [gtkentry.c:655]
        gtk_marshal_NONE__NONE [gtkmarshal.c:363]
        gtk_signal_real_emit [gtksignal.c:1432]
        gtk_signal_emit [gtksignal.c:552]
        gtk_widget_realize [gtkwidget.c:1656]
        gtk_layout_put [gtklayout.c:255]
        nsWidget::CreateWidget(nsIWidget*,const
nsRect&,nsEventStatus(*)(nsGUIEvent*),nsIDeviceContext*,nsIAppShell*,nsIToolkit*
,nsWidgetInitData*,void*) [nsWidget.cpp:615]
        nsWidget::Create(nsIWidget*,const
nsRect&,nsEventStatus(*)(nsGUIEvent*),nsIDeviceContext*,nsIAppShell*,nsIToolkit*
,nsWidgetInitData*) [nsWidget.cpp:642]
        nsView::CreateWidget(const nsID&,nsWidgetInitData*,void*)
[nsView.cpp:1207]
        nsFormControlFrame::Reflow(nsIPresContext&,nsHTMLReflowMetrics&,const
nsHTMLReflowState&,unsigned int&) [nsFormControlFrame.cpp:290]
        nsInlineReflow::ReflowFrame(nsIFrame*,int,unsigned int&)
[nsInlineReflow.cpp:316]

nsBlockFrame::ReflowInlineFrame(nsBlockReflowState&,nsLineBox*,nsIFrame*,int*)
[nsBlockFrame.cpp:2650]
        nsBlockFrame::ReflowLine(nsBlockReflowState&,nsLineBox*,int*)
[nsBlockFrame.cpp:1816]
        nsBlockFrame::ReflowDirtyLines(nsBlockReflowState&)
[nsBlockFrame.cpp:1564]
        nsBlockFrame::Reflow(nsIPresContext&,nsHTMLReflowMetrics&,const
nsHTMLReflowState&,unsigned int&) [nsBlockFrame.cpp:984]
        nsAreaFrame::Reflow(nsIPresContext&,nsHTMLReflowMetrics&,const
nsHTMLReflowState&,unsigned int&) [nsAreaFrame.cpp:509]

nsContainerFrame::ReflowChild(nsIFrame*,nsIPresContext&,nsHTMLReflowMetrics&,con
st nsHTMLReflowState&,unsigned int&) [nsContainerFrame.cpp:371]
        nsFieldSetFrame::Reflow(nsIPresContext&,nsHTMLReflowMetrics&,const
nsHTMLReflowState&,unsigned int&) [nsFieldSetFrame.cpp:362]
        nsInlineReflow::ReflowFrame(nsIFrame*,int,unsigned int&)
[nsInlineReflow.cpp:316]

nsBlockFrame::ReflowInlineFrame(nsBlockReflowState&,nsLineBox*,nsIFrame*,int*)
[nsBlockFrame.cpp:2650]
        nsBlockFrame::ReflowLine(nsBlockReflowState&,nsLineBox*,int*)
[nsBlockFrame.cpp:1816]
        nsBlockFrame::ReflowDirtyLines(nsBlockReflowState&)
[nsBlockFrame.cpp:1564]
        nsBlockFrame::Reflow(nsIPresContext&,nsHTMLReflowMetrics&,const
nsHTMLReflowState&,unsigned int&) [nsBlockFrame.cpp:984]
        nsBlockReflowContext::ReflowBlock(nsIFrame*,const
nsRect&,int,nsMargin&,unsigned int&) [nsBlockReflowContext.cpp:153]
        nsBlockFrame::ReflowBlockFrame(nsBlockReflowState&,nsLineBox*,int*)
[nsBlockFrame.cpp:2461]
  * There have been 0 frees since this block was freed from:
        free           [rtlib.o]
        XDestroyIC     [ICWrap.c]
        gdk_ic_destroy [gdkim.c:686]
        gtk_entry_unrealize [gtkentry.c:692]
        gtk_marshal_NONE__NONE [gtkmarshal.c:363]
        gtk_signal_real_emit [gtksignal.c:1432]
        gtk_signal_emit [gtksignal.c:552]
        gtk_widget_unrealize [gtkwidget.c:1703]
        gtk_widget_unparent [gtkwidget.c:1373]
        gtk_layout_remove [gtklayout.c:697]
        gtk_marshal_NONE__POINTER [gtkmarshal.c:216]
        gtk_signal_real_emit [gtksignal.c:1432]
        gtk_signal_emit [gtksignal.c:552]
        gtk_container_remove [gtkcontainer.c:719]
        gtk_widget_shutdown [gtkwidget.c:4323]
        gtk_object_destroy [gtkobject.c:246]
        gtk_widget_destroy [gtkwidget.c:1398]
        nsWidget::Destroy() [nsWidget.cpp:106]
        nsView::~nsView() [nsView.cpp:140]
        nsView::Destroy() [nsView.cpp:245]
        nsFrame::~nsFrame() [nsFrame.cpp:176]
        nsLeafFrame::~nsLeafFrame() [nsLeafFrame.cpp:29]
        nsFormControlFrame::~nsFormControlFrame() [nsFormControlFrame.cpp:74]
        nsTextControlFrame::~nsTextControlFrame() [nsTextControlFrame.h:878]
        nsFrame::DeleteFrame(nsIPresContext&) [nsFrame.cpp:378]
        nsLineBox::DeleteLineList(nsIPresContext&,nsLineBox*)
[nsLineBox.cpp:228]
        nsBlockFrame::DeleteFrame(nsIPresContext&) [nsBlockFrame.cpp:497]
        nsAreaFrame::DeleteFrame(nsIPresContext&) [nsAreaFrame.cpp:101]
        nsFrameList::DeleteFrames(nsIPresContext&) [nsFrameList.cpp:29]
        nsContainerFrame::DeleteFrame(nsIPresContext&) [nsContainerFrame.cpp:78]

****  Purify instrumented ./viewer.pure (pid 25562)  ****
FUM: Freeing unallocated memory:
  * This is occurring while in:
        free           [rtlib.o]
        gdk_ic_destroy [gdkim.c:686]
        gtk_entry_unrealize [gtkentry.c:692]
        gtk_marshal_NONE__NONE [gtkmarshal.c:363]
        gtk_signal_real_emit [gtksignal.c:1432]
        gtk_signal_emit [gtksignal.c:552]
        gtk_widget_unrealize [gtkwidget.c:1703]
        gtk_widget_unparent [gtkwidget.c:1373]
        gtk_layout_remove [gtklayout.c:697]
        gtk_marshal_NONE__POINTER [gtkmarshal.c:216]
        gtk_signal_real_emit [gtksignal.c:1432]
        gtk_signal_emit [gtksignal.c:552]
        gtk_container_remove [gtkcontainer.c:719]
        gtk_widget_shutdown [gtkwidget.c:4323]
        gtk_object_destroy [gtkobject.c:246]
        gtk_widget_destroy [gtkwidget.c:1398]
        nsWidget::Destroy() [nsWidget.cpp:106]
        nsView::~nsView() [nsView.cpp:140]
        nsView::Destroy() [nsView.cpp:245]
        nsFrame::~nsFrame() [nsFrame.cpp:176]
        nsLeafFrame::~nsLeafFrame() [nsLeafFrame.cpp:29]
        nsFormControlFrame::~nsFormControlFrame() [nsFormControlFrame.cpp:74]
        nsTextControlFrame::~nsTextControlFrame() [nsTextControlFrame.h:878]
        nsFrame::DeleteFrame(nsIPresContext&) [nsFrame.cpp:378]
        nsLineBox::DeleteLineList(nsIPresContext&,nsLineBox*)
[nsLineBox.cpp:228]
        nsBlockFrame::DeleteFrame(nsIPresContext&) [nsBlockFrame.cpp:497]
        nsAreaFrame::DeleteFrame(nsIPresContext&) [nsAreaFrame.cpp:101]
        nsFrameList::DeleteFrames(nsIPresContext&) [nsFrameList.cpp:29]
        nsContainerFrame::DeleteFrame(nsIPresContext&) [nsContainerFrame.cpp:78]
        nsLineBox::DeleteLineList(nsIPresContext&,nsLineBox*)
[nsLineBox.cpp:228]
  * Attempting to free block at 0x7ebef0 already freed.
  * This block was allocated from:
        malloc         [rtlib.o]
        _CreateIC      [XSunIMIF.c]
        XCreateIC      [ICWrap.c]
        gdk_ic_real_new [gdkim.c:551]
        gdk_ic_new     [gdkim.c:665]
        gtk_entry_realize [gtkentry.c:655]
        gtk_marshal_NONE__NONE [gtkmarshal.c:363]
        gtk_signal_real_emit [gtksignal.c:1432]
        gtk_signal_emit [gtksignal.c:552]
        gtk_widget_realize [gtkwidget.c:1656]
        gtk_layout_put [gtklayout.c:255]
        nsWidget::CreateWidget(nsIWidget*,const
nsRect&,nsEventStatus(*)(nsGUIEvent*),nsIDeviceContext*,nsIAppShell*,nsIToolkit*
,nsWidgetInitData*,void*) [nsWidget.cpp:615]
        nsWidget::Create(nsIWidget*,const
nsRect&,nsEventStatus(*)(nsGUIEvent*),nsIDeviceContext*,nsIAppShell*,nsIToolkit*
,nsWidgetInitData*) [nsWidget.cpp:642]
        nsView::CreateWidget(const nsID&,nsWidgetInitData*,void*)
[nsView.cpp:1207]
        nsFormControlFrame::Reflow(nsIPresContext&,nsHTMLReflowMetrics&,const
nsHTMLReflowState&,unsigned int&) [nsFormControlFrame.cpp:290]
        nsInlineReflow::ReflowFrame(nsIFrame*,int,unsigned int&)
[nsInlineReflow.cpp:316]

nsBlockFrame::ReflowInlineFrame(nsBlockReflowState&,nsLineBox*,nsIFrame*,int*)
[nsBlockFrame.cpp:2650]
        nsBlockFrame::ReflowLine(nsBlockReflowState&,nsLineBox*,int*)
[nsBlockFrame.cpp:1816]
        nsBlockFrame::ReflowDirtyLines(nsBlockReflowState&)
[nsBlockFrame.cpp:1564]
        nsBlockFrame::Reflow(nsIPresContext&,nsHTMLReflowMetrics&,const
nsHTMLReflowState&,unsigned int&) [nsBlockFrame.cpp:984]
        nsAreaFrame::Reflow(nsIPresContext&,nsHTMLReflowMetrics&,const
nsHTMLReflowState&,unsigned int&) [nsAreaFrame.cpp:509]

nsContainerFrame::ReflowChild(nsIFrame*,nsIPresContext&,nsHTMLReflowMetrics&,con
st nsHTMLReflowState&,unsigned int&) [nsContainerFrame.cpp:371]
        nsFieldSetFrame::Reflow(nsIPresContext&,nsHTMLReflowMetrics&,const
nsHTMLReflowState&,unsigned int&) [nsFieldSetFrame.cpp:362]
        nsInlineReflow::ReflowFrame(nsIFrame*,int,unsigned int&)
[nsInlineReflow.cpp:316]

nsBlockFrame::ReflowInlineFrame(nsBlockReflowState&,nsLineBox*,nsIFrame*,int*)
[nsBlockFrame.cpp:2650]
        nsBlockFrame::ReflowLine(nsBlockReflowState&,nsLineBox*,int*)
[nsBlockFrame.cpp:1816]
        nsBlockFrame::ReflowDirtyLines(nsBlockReflowState&)
[nsBlockFrame.cpp:1564]
        nsBlockFrame::Reflow(nsIPresContext&,nsHTMLReflowMetrics&,const
nsHTMLReflowState&,unsigned int&) [nsBlockFrame.cpp:984]
        nsBlockReflowContext::ReflowBlock(nsIFrame*,const
nsRect&,int,nsMargin&,unsigned int&) [nsBlockReflowContext.cpp:153]
        nsBlockFrame::ReflowBlockFrame(nsBlockReflowState&,nsLineBox*,int*)
[nsBlockFrame.cpp:2461]
  * There have been 1 frees since this block was freed from:
        free           [rtlib.o]
        XDestroyIC     [ICWrap.c]
        gdk_ic_destroy [gdkim.c:686]
        gtk_entry_unrealize [gtkentry.c:692]
        gtk_marshal_NONE__NONE [gtkmarshal.c:363]
        gtk_signal_real_emit [gtksignal.c:1432]
        gtk_signal_emit [gtksignal.c:552]
        gtk_widget_unrealize [gtkwidget.c:1703]
        gtk_widget_unparent [gtkwidget.c:1373]
        gtk_layout_remove [gtklayout.c:697]
        gtk_marshal_NONE__POINTER [gtkmarshal.c:216]
        gtk_signal_real_emit [gtksignal.c:1432]
        gtk_signal_emit [gtksignal.c:552]
        gtk_container_remove [gtkcontainer.c:719]
        gtk_widget_shutdown [gtkwidget.c:4323]
        gtk_object_destroy [gtkobject.c:246]
        gtk_widget_destroy [gtkwidget.c:1398]
        nsWidget::Destroy() [nsWidget.cpp:106]
        nsView::~nsView() [nsView.cpp:140]
        nsView::Destroy() [nsView.cpp:245]
        nsFrame::~nsFrame() [nsFrame.cpp:176]
        nsLeafFrame::~nsLeafFrame() [nsLeafFrame.cpp:29]
        nsFormControlFrame::~nsFormControlFrame() [nsFormControlFrame.cpp:74]
        nsTextControlFrame::~nsTextControlFrame() [nsTextControlFrame.h:878]
        nsFrame::DeleteFrame(nsIPresContext&) [nsFrame.cpp:378]
        nsLineBox::DeleteLineList(nsIPresContext&,nsLineBox*)
[nsLineBox.cpp:228]
        nsBlockFrame::DeleteFrame(nsIPresContext&) [nsBlockFrame.cpp:497]
        nsAreaFrame::DeleteFrame(nsIPresContext&) [nsAreaFrame.cpp:101]
        nsFrameList::DeleteFrames(nsIPresContext&) [nsFrameList.cpp:29]
        nsContainerFrame::DeleteFrame(nsIPresContext&) [nsContainerFrame.cpp:78]