Options:Downloads - "desktop" folder save option listed a "undefined"
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.6a) Gecko/20031002 Firebird/0.7+
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.6a) Gecko/20031002 Firebird/0.7+

In the Windows version of Firebird, go to Tools:Options:Downloads and check
"Save all file to this folder:". The text for the selected folde will initially
show "undefined", even though the desktop folder is selected by default (if you
click "Show Folder", it'll bring up the desktop window). In fact, if you try to
select "Desktop" from the combo box, it'll still show undefined, presumably
because you're not technically selecting a new option, so it doesn't bother to
update the wording.

You can get it to display the correct wording if you first select another folder
option from the list and then select "Desktop", but the result is only
temporary, a if either "Desktop" or "My Documents" are selected a the download
folder, then the next time you open options, it'll show "undefined" again, even
though the correct folder is actually still selected. If you select a custom
folder, the listed path name seems to remain correct.

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1.From the Tools menu, select Options..., then click on the Downloads icon.
2.Click the "Save all file to this folder:" button and observe that the
adjacent combo box say "undefined".
3.Select "Desktop" from the list and observe that the selection still say
"undefined".
4.Select "My Documents" from the menu and click OK. Reopen the Options, go back
to the Downloads preference and observe that the list now say "undefined" again.

Actual Results:
The box displayed the text "undefined"

Expected Results:
The box should have displayed the correct folder name

Interestingly, there's a bug with the same option in the Mac version of
Firebird: bug 221879. However the bug seem to behave differently, so I'm not
sure that they're related. In the Mac version, if you select Desktop Folder, it
will allow it, even though there doesn't seem to be a path defined. So, PC
version: right path defined but bad/unsaved option name, Mac version: right
option name, but apparently no path defined. No idea about the Linux version.
