Features of some web-based e-mail clients do not work.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.5) Gecko/20041107 Firefox/1.0
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.5) Gecko/20041107 Firefox/1.0

When composing new mail messages (including replies and forwarding) in MS
Outlook Web Access, the functions on the mail composition interface are not
working.  Specifically, the buttons to access addresses to populate To, Cc and
Bcc recipients appear as plain text labels and do not function.  The
'Attachments' link similarly appears as plain text, but that link and does
function as it should. 

Similar issues exist when creating a new calendar entry - Required, Optional,
Resources and Location should all be live links that access the organization's
online directory.  I basically end up with an e-mail client with no address book
capabilities.

I frequently use one other web mail client for my Cox.net account which works
flawlessly.  However, I need access to these other accounts with full
functionality.  They are the only sites standing in the way of Firefox being the
only browser on my system.  

The sites specified below are the only two that I experience these problems
with.  A password is required to access them which I cannot provide.
Unfortunately they are two of my three most frequently used e-mail accounts:

https://email.jwu.edu/exchange/
https://mail.bjs.com/exchange/

Reproducible: Always

Steps to Reproduce:
1. Logon to the web client.
2. Open New (mail or calendar appointment)


Actual Results:  
Cannot access addresses to plug into the To, Cc and Bcc fields in the new mail
interface.  To, Cc and Bcc appears as buttons that open up the e-mail address
search window in IE; but these appear as non-functional plain text in Firefox. 

Expected Results:  
Similar to the Attachments link (which is a pretty button in IE), To, Cc and Bcc
should be active links that pull up a window to search an online directory for
names and addresses and plugs them into the appropriate To, Cc or Bcc fields in
the New Message interface.  

All other sites, including interactive message boards and other mail clients
work perfectly in Firefox.